(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
NARRATOR: The Lion Guard,
"Return to the Pride Lands ."
KION: No time to slow down.
We need to stop Zira
and her evil lions
before they can harm
the Pride Lands.
We're all with you, Kion.
MADOA: Jasiri?
Madoa!
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
We thought we'd never
see you again.
Oh, come on, fur brains.
We wasn't gone that long.
Madoa, do you know where
Zira and her lions are?
They went
into the Pride Lands,
not long after Jasiri
and Janja left to find you.
We don't know what
happened after that.
We promised Jasiri we'd
stay away from Zira,
so we've been hiding.
It's okay.
You did the right thing.
But if Zira's lions
are still in the
Pride Lands,
something's up.
Yeah, we need to return
to the Pride Lands
and see what's happened.
And we'll need as much
help as we can get.
My hyenas will be
happy to help.
MZINGO: I do say.
Is that you,
Prime Minister?
Prime what?
Prime Minister Jasiri.
(CHUCKLES)
Welcome back.
Your presence
in the Outlands has
been greatly missed.
Mzingo.
Kion needs our help
to ensure peace
in the Pride Lands.
Would you
and the vultures
join us?
All in favor of rendering
assistance to Kion
as per Prime Minister
Jasiri's request.
Aye.
The ayes have it.
We vultures would be
honored to help.
Thank you, Mzingo.
Everyone, let's go.
Till the Pride Lands
end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Kind of weird leading
an army of Outlanders
into the Pride Lands.
Yeah, I hadn't thought
of it like that.
What if Zira's pride
is still...
ANGA: Kion!
I see a strange lion
on Pride Rock.
Dark fur, green eyes.
That's Kovu,
Zira's son.
Anga, is Kovu alone?
Yes. No sign
of the Royal Family.
You think
we're too late?
No, we can't be.
But if Kovu is
at Pride Rock,
it means...
It means you Outlanders
don't stand a chance.
It's Zira's
daughter, Vitani,
and her lionesses.
That's right, hyena.
And we won't let you
invade the Pride Lands.
Shivaha, hyenas.
Kazi, cheetahs.
Imara, hippo.
Tazama, keep watch.
The lion with the mark
of evil is mine.
Till the Pride Lands
end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Lion Guard?
What in the Pride...
(BOTH GRUNT)
Twende Kiboko.
Musuli!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Ha! Got you now.
That's what you think.
Bila Hofu!
(GRUNTS)
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
Run, Cheezi, run!
Wow, kinda like your style.
Yeah, she reminds me of you.
(SPEAKING OTHER LANGUAGE)
KAZI:
Ha! Too slow.
I'm not.
Kazi, tree.
Haraka, haraka!
(GRUNTS)
Thanks for keeping
watch, Tazama.
You see that?
Indeed.
Vitani's so-called
Lion Guard
has the same strengths
as the real Lion Guard.
And it gives me an idea.
Vultures, try to distract
the lioness keeping watch
while Anga and I
help Kion.
Capital idea.
All in favor?
BOTH: Aye.
MZINGO:
Vultures, attack.
Hiyo kali!
(GRUNTS AND GROWLS)
(ANGA SPEAKS
IN OTHER LANGUAGE)
(BOTH GRUNT)
Okay, I've had enough.
Everyone, get behind me.
(GROWLING)
KIARA: Kion, no, stop!
Kiara?
Kiara, look out. Behind you.
Wait, Kion, don't.
Get out of the way, Kiara.
No, Kion.
You don't understand.
Kovu has joined
our pride.
So has Vitani
and the rest of
Zira's pride.
They... They have?
Yes.
Kion?
It's been a long time.
You look different
with that scar,
and surrounded
by Outlanders.
Vitani, what's
going on here?
Yeah, what's
We heard Zira was gonna
attack the Pride Lands.
Where is she?
Zira has completed her journey
on the Circle of Life.
Huh?
What?
She has?
Come to
Pride Rock, Kion.
We'll explain
everything there.
Okay.
Jasiri.
Asante.  Thanks again.
Anytime, Kion.
If you ever need help,
you know where to find us.
Leading the Outlands,
as you were always meant to.
Mom! Dad!
Kion!
Welcome home, son.
But your scar.
I'll always have it.
But the venom is gone.
I'm healed.
So, the journey
was worth it?
Indeed.
I got my sight back.
The Tree of Life
was incredible.
I mean, un-Bunga-lievable.
And we met lots
of amazing animals.
Yeah, we did.
And who is this?
I am Azaad.
Azaad helped us get back
to the Pride Lands.
Thank you, Azaad.
It was my honor,
Your Majesty.
But not everyone
has returned.
Makini is not with you.
No. She decided to stay.
Queen Jana.
(LAUGHS)
Queen Jana was right.
She was certain Makini's
rightful place would be
at the Tree of Life.
Just as I was certain
Makini's role
would be here,
in the Pride Lands.
I think we all found
something special
at the Tree of Life.
But when we heard Zira was
headed for the Pride Lands,
we came back
as fast as we could.
So, what happened?
Rafiki?
Yes, yes, this way.
You will see.
RAFIKI: After Kion roared
Zira's pride
out of the Outlands,
Zira devised a new plan
to take over the Pride Lands.
KOVU: Zira raised me
to believe that Simba
was our enemy.
But after I got to know
Simba and Kiara,
I realized she was wrong.
VITANI: So Zira led an attack
on the Pride Lands herself.
But Kovu and I
tried to stop her.
We said we didn't
need to fight
because,
as lions, we are one.
KOVU: Vitani and the other
lions saw it was true,
but Zira refused,
and in the end,
it destroyed her.
After Zira was gone,
Simba welcomed us
into his pride.
And one day,
Kiara and Kovu
will be queen and king
of the Pride Lands.
We really did miss a lot.
You did, and we have
missed you. All of you.
And we are not
the only ones.
(LAUGHS) Look.
Bunga, you're back!
Uncle Timon! Uncle Pumbaa!
Dad!
(LAUGHS) My baby.
It always feels good
to return
to the Pride Lands.
Eh, Simba?
Yes, Rafiki.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(TRUMPETING)
Looking at
stars, Kion?
Yeah.
Those four stars
helped us find our way
to the Tree of Life.
Seeing you with Kovu
reminded me of a friend
I made there.
A friend?
Ooh. What's her name?
Rani. Queen Rani.
Oh, a queen.
She's smart, brave,
but also kind.
A great leader.
You'd like her.
Sounds like you do, too.
You miss her, don't you?
Yeah, I do.
Maybe you can go back
to the Tree of Life someday.
Yeah.
I think Mom and Dad
would understand.
Maybe.
KION: So you think
the Lair's changed much
since we've been gone?
Why would it?
Ooh, I wonder if the grubs
that I hid are still there.
(CHUCKLES) Come on,
Lion Guard.
Vitani?
Kion, what are
you doing here?
What am I doing here?
What are you doing here?
I'm the future
king's sister.
It's my duty to lead
the Lion Guard.
Vitani, I'm the future
queen's brother.
We have the Mark of the Guard,
and I have the Roar.
We're the Lion Guard.
Yeah, that's right.
We'll see about that.
Seriously?
Yes, seriously.
Lion Guard!
Yes?
There's an emergency
at Mbali Fields.
We need your help.
Sure, Laini.
No problem. We'll...
(BOTH GROWL)
Perhaps you all
should go.
Yes, all of you.
Come right now.
We'll all go,
then we'll figure
this out.
Okay?
Okay.
Laini, show us
the way.
Follow me.
BOTH: Till the
Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Right over here, see.
It's an emergency.
There's
an emergency?
How dreadful.
We're back in
the Pride Lands,
all right.
Okay, guys,
you know what to do.
That's right.
Lion Guard
to the rescue.
Except we're
the Lion Guard.
Oh, no, you're not.
Oh, yes, we are.
Are not.
Are, too.
Zebra, have you
tried backing up?
Hmm.
(GRUNTS) Oh.
Why, thank you.
I hadn't thought
of that.
Oh.
He's out.
No thanks to us.
We can't help anyone
if we keep arguing.
You're right. So why don't
you and your friends
leave things to us now?
BUNGA:
We're not gonna
do that.
Our team is
the Pride Lands' best.
Our team is the best.
Excuse me.
If you really want
to see who's best,
you should to it
the zebra way.
And what's that?
You have a competition.
We zebras find
the best zebra
by seeing who can panic
and run the best.
As weird as it sounds,
he might be right.
Yeah, we can do the big test
of the original Lion Guard
setup in the Lair.
Bunga,
that wouldn't be fair.
Our Lion Guard already
took that test.
But both guards could compete
in a series of new challenges
to see which team
is the best.
Seems fair.
The Pride Lands does
deserve the best.
Yup.
She's right.
Sure.
Okay.
I'm in.
Right.
Okay. Let's do it.
(CHUCKLES) Lion Guard
versus Lion Guard.
Huzzah. I'll spread the word.
The battle of
the Lion Guards.
Pride Landers!
Welcome to the battle
of the Lion Guards.
Kion's guard will
compete with Vitani's
to see which team
is the best.
There will be one test
for each traditional
Lion Guard role,
the fiercest,
bravest, fastest,
strongest,
and keenest of sight.
And as the
Pride Lands' smartest...
I'll be the judge.
Whichever guard
loses their challenge
will get to set the rules
for the next one.
Vitani, as leader
of the challenging team,
your guard
will have first choice.
Okay, strongest first.
Imara?
To prove who is strongest,
Beshte and I will
have to push a rock
across Chakula Plains.
Pfft. Beshte could
do that in his sleep.
A rock with an
elephant on it.
Huh?
I'm not sure how I let you
talk me into this, Ma Tembo.
Oh, Zito, hush.
The contest is
about to begin.
Indeed.
Imara, Beshte, first one
to push that rock to that
tree wins.
On your marks,
get set, push!
Musuli!
Twende Kiboko!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
You'll need to do better
than that if you want
to best Beshte.
MTOTO: Let's go, Beshte.
You can do it.
Beshte, are you
all right?
I'm okay.
(GRUNTING) Just a little hot.
Beshte, you're
getting sunburned.
You need to
protect your skin.
Oh, you're right.
Be right back.
(IMARA GRUNTING)
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
Uh-oh.
Ha-ha. We're winning.
Twende Kiboko!
(GRUNTS) Yes!
(LAUGHING)
All right, Imara.
Vitani's guard wins
the first event.
Sorry, everybody.
I started to get
sunburned, and...
Don't worry, Beshte.
We're just glad you're okay.
Yeah. Besides,
fastest is next,
and I get to pick
the challenge.
Yes.
No matter how fast
they may be,
they cannot defeat
the fire of a cheetah.
ONO: Fuli has chosen the
challenge for the fastest.
She and Kazi will race
through the canyon,
loop around,
and return here to finish.
On your marks,
get set, run!
(BOTH SPEAK IN
OTHER LANGUAGE)
Go, Fuli.
(PANTING)
(LAUGHS)
You had your chance.
Now, I've got you. Huwezi!
Here they come.
(ALL GASP)
(PANTING)
And Fuli wins.
(ALL CHEER)
All right.
Great job, Fuli.
There was never
a doubt.
Keenest of sight
is next.
And with Fuli's win,
it's Tazama's choice.
On your marks, get set...
Seek!
(ANGA EXCLAIMS
IN OTHER LANGUAGE)
Tazama will find where that
galago's hiding in no time.
She can see
in total darkness.
Oh, yeah?
Well, Anga can see
in total not... dark... ness.
(SIGHS) Which way?
Hiyo kali!
Anyone see them?
Nope.
Too bad Anga's not here.
She could see if
she was coming.
Hooray!
Tazama found me.
She wins.
Now we're back
in the lead.
Too dark.
Sorry, everyone.
It's okay, Anga.
Yeah.
'Cause now, it's time
for the bravest.
Now, for the most
un-Bunga-lievable
test of all.
First, we run through
Maumivu Thorn Patch.
Then, we cross
Urembo River.
And then, we go up
Makundu Cliffs.
First one to grab
the Baobab fruit
at the top of the tree wins.
Scared?
Pfft. Never.
Looks like fun.
Okay, then.
Ono, call it.
On your marks,
get set, go!
(ALL CHEERING)
Go, Bunga, go!
You can do it!
(GROWLING)
(BUNGA LAUGHS)
Gotta be braver
than that, Shivaha.
Zuka Zama.
(GRUNTING)
(SPEAKS IN OTHER LANGUAGE)
(LAUGHS)
Mmm, she is brave.
(LAUGHS) Whoa.
Ooh.
I still win.
After four tests,
it's a tie.
It all comes down
to the fiercest.
And, Vitani,
it's your choice.
I call for a Mashindano.
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Oh, yeah. Kion will win
that one for sure.
Mashindano!
ALL: (CHANTING)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
Vitani, you don't
stand a chance.
You haven't seen everything
the Roar can do.
I don't need
the Roar, Kion.
I'm fierce enough to lead
the Lion Guard without it.
Even without the Roar?
ASKARI: Only one who is
willing to let go
of the Roar completely...
Can truly master it.
You're right, Vitani.
Everyone.
(CHANTING STOPS)
By choosing to face me
even without the roar,
Vitani has proven to be
the Pride Lands' fiercest.
Vitani and her
team have won.
They are the Pride Lands'
new Lion Guard.
ALL: (GASP) Yes. Cool.
Vitani, as leader
of the Lion Guard,
you'll need the mark
of the Guard.
And the Roar.
The Roar?
(ROARING LOUDLY)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
Oh.
Ah.
Ah!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Kion.
Askari.
Yes, Kion.
You have done well.
Askari?
He was the leader
of the first Lion Guard.
Anga, you seeing
this, too?
Shh.
By letting the Roar go,
you have truly mastered it.
Yes, Askari.
But I'm not leader
of the Lion Guard anymore.
Why would I
need the Roar?
There is another place
that could use
the Roar's help.
The Tree of Life.
Everyone, want to join me
helping Queen Rani
and the Night Pride?
Yes.
Affirmative.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yup.
Tree of Life,
here we come.
But Kion, what does it mean
to have mastered the Roar?
Watch.
(ROARING LOUDLY)
Heyvi kabisa.
(ANIMALS SCREECHING)
Queen Rani?
Kion. I'm glad the Roar
has returned to
the Tree of Life again.
This time, to stay.
I'm looking forward to ruling
the Tree of Life with you.
We'll rule it together.
(GIGGLES)
Animals of
the Tree of Life,
friends from
near and far,
it is my honor
to present...
King Kion!
Yay, Kion!
(LAUGHING)
(ANIMALS CHEERING)
(ALL CHEERING)
King Kion! Whoo!
My best friend is a king.
Un-Bunga-lievable.
(ALL CHEERING)
You know, King Kion,
he's as fierce
as a penguin.
Yeah, I taught him
all he knows.
We're gonna
make a great team.
We already do.
Ready?
Yes, I am.
(BOTH ROARING)
♪ The power of the roar
♪ It dwells inside you
and all around you
♪ In ways you've
never seen before
♪ The power of the roar
♪ Once you think
you found it all
♪ You find there's still
much more  ♪